docs: pdp proof clock docs (#978)
filecoin-project/curio: documentation/en/experimental-features/PDPCURIOSPEC.md

One important value must be determined to be passed as an argument to `nextProvingPeriod` -- the `challengeEpoch`.  This is the epoch at which the next proof can be generated.  Processing `nextProvingPeriod` sets this value in the state of `PDPVerifier` effectively ticking the clock forward.  The challenge epoch is computed by referencing the service contract's (FWSS) proving schedule abstraction (its implementation of `PDPVerifier`'s `IPDPProvingSchedule` interface) which includes a `nextPDPChallengeWindowStart(id)` method.  This value is both sent to the chain via `nextProvingPeriod` AND stored in the dataset's table entry as the `prove_at_epoch`.  The `prove_at_epoch` update is stored atomically alongside the insertion of the `challenge_request_msg_hash`, i.e. the tx hash of the newly sent `nextProvingPeriod` message, into the `message_waits_eth` table.  This completes the circle setting up the condition for proving tasks to wait on a dataset only in the case where `nextProvingPeriod` has been called and confirmed and updated the challenge epoch on chain to match the local `prove_at_epoch` state.

## Initial Proving Period Task

> From the PDPVerifier's perspective when PDP datasets are initialized they are not immediately registered as ready for proving.  The storage provider must make an initial into the `nextProvingPeriod` method.  Curio handles this special case with `InitProvingPeriodTask` (named `PDPv0_InitPP` in the database).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the PDPVerifier's perspective when PDP datasets are initialized they are not immediately registered as ready for proving.  The storage provider must make an initial call into the `nextProvingPeriod` method.  Curio handles this special case with `InitProvingPeriodTask` (named `PDPv0_InitPP` in the database).  
```

Curio needs to manage this clock and update the proving period in a sensible way that synchronizes with proving.  It achieves this with state in the `pdp_data_sets` table and scheduling logic in three tasks: `PDPv0_InitPP` `PDPv0_Prove` and `PDPv0_ProvPeriod`.

The majority of the fields of the `pdp_data_sets` table are relevant to understand the proving clock:

```sql 
CREATE TABLE pdp_data_sets (
    ...
    -- task invoking nextProvingPeriod, the task should be spawned any time prove_at_epoch+challenge_window is in the past
    challenge_request_task_id BIGINT REFERENCES harmony_task(id) ON DELETE SET NULL,

    -- nextProvingPeriod message hash, when the message lands prove_task_id will be spawned and
    -- this value will be set to NULL
    challenge_request_msg_hash TEXT,

    -- the proving period for this proofset and the challenge window duration
    proving_period BIGINT,
    challenge_window BIGINT,

    -- the epoch at which the next challenge window starts and proofs can be submitted

>     -- initialized to NULL indicating a special proving period init task handles challenge generation

Reviewer: not challenge generation?

```suggestion
    -- initialized to NULL, indicating the proving period has not yet been initialized (to be handled by the InitProvingPeriodTask)
```

?

    prove_at_epoch BIGINT,

    -- flag indicating that the proving period is ready for init.  Currently set after first add

>     -- Set to true after first root add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- flag indicating that the proving period is ready for init,
    -- currently set to true after first root add
```

Author: ditto

Author: I think I'll just axe the comments here

    init_ready BOOLEAN NOT NULL DEFAULT FALSE,

    unrecoverable_proving_failure_epoch BIGINT,
    next_prove_attempt_at BIGINT,
    ...
);
```

## Proving Task

> `PDPv0_Prove` tasks execute the actual merkle inclusion proof generatinon and submission to the `provePossession` endpoint of the PDPVerifier.  They are scheduled as soon as two conditions are met: the dataset's latest `challenge_request_msg_hash` is confirmed as successful in `message_waits_eth` and the `prove_at_epoch` is in the past.  These conditions indicate that the PDPVerifier is ready for a new proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProveTask` (named `PDPv0_Prove` in the database) executes the actual merkle inclusion proof generatinon and submission to the `provePossession` endpoint of the PDPVerifier.  They are scheduled as soon as two conditions are met: the dataset's latest `challenge_request_msg_hash` is confirmed as successful in `message_waits_eth` and the `prove_at_epoch` is in the past.  These conditions indicate that the PDPVerifier is ready for a new proof.
```

## Next Proving Period Task

Next proving period or `PDPv0_Prove` tasks are triggerd for scheduling as soon as a proving challenge window is complete.  In particular these tasks wait for dataset table entries to satisfy the condition that `prove_at_epoch + challenge_window` is in the past.  

Whether or not the proof has been submitted or is still in the process of being submitted is irrelevant to these tasks.  They greedily reschedule the next periods proving window as soon as there is no benefit to wait any longer.  Note that proving and next proving period tasks do not share any task id locking logic and run independently.

After a data set is picked up for next proving period scheduling the `challenge_request_task_id` field is then assigned to this task in the usual atomic fashion to lock the dataset to this harmony task.  The task then calls the `nextProvingPeriod` method on the PDPVerifier contract.

> One important value must be determined to be passed as an argument to `nextProvingPeriod` -- the `challengeEpoch`.  This is the epoch at which the next proof can be generated.  Processing `nextProvingPeriod` sets this value in the state of PDPVerifier effectively ticking the clock forward.  The challenge epoch is computed by referencing the FWSS contract's proving schedule abstraction (`PDPConfig`) which includes a proving period and challenge window constant.  This value is both sent to the chain via `nextProvingPeriod` AND stored in the dataset's table entry as the `prove_at_epoch`.  The `prove_at_epoch` update is stored atomically alongside the insertion of the `challenge_request_msg_hash`, i.e. the tx hash of the newly sent `nextProvingPeriod` message, into the `message_waits_eth` table.  This completes the circle setting up the condition for proving tasks to wait on a dataset only in the case where `nextProvingPeriod` has been called and confirmed and updated the challenge epoch on chain to match the local `prove_at_epoch` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One important value must be determined to be passed as an argument to `nextProvingPeriod` -- the `challengeEpoch`.  This is the epoch at which the next proof can be generated.  Processing `nextProvingPeriod` sets this value in the state of `PDPVerifier `effectively ticking the clock forward.  The challenge epoch is computed by referencing the service contract's (FWSS) proving schedule abstraction (its implementation of `PDPVerifier`'s `IPDPProvingSchedule` interface) which includes a `nextPDPChallengeWindowStart(id)` method.  This value is both sent to the chain via `nextProvingPeriod` AND stored in the dataset's table entry as the `prove_at_epoch`.  The `prove_at_epoch` update is stored atomically alongside the insertion of the `challenge_request_msg_hash`, i.e. the tx hash of the newly sent `nextProvingPeriod` message, into the `message_waits_eth` table.  This completes the circle setting up the condition for proving tasks to wait on a dataset only in the case where `nextProvingPeriod` has been called and confirmed and updated the challenge epoch on chain to match the local `prove_at_epoch` state.
```

I think
